this racing weekend in general though
has been very crazy we've seen a
Cardinal airborne we've seen a little
bit of a fight the car go airborne at
Martinsville a monster truck killing a
lot of civilians smoke on a hill and
more so yeah viewer discretion is
advised
and it all kits all Saturday during the
NASCAR Nationwide Series race at Kansas
Brad Keselowski versus Kyle Busch the 54
spinning out the 22 on purpose for
second place and his loss is gonna run
all the way over to the infield a little
bit of a fight breaks out and the 22 of
Keselowski etson to the head of Kyle
Busch and here's a result of Kyle's day
on Sunday no not only did 18 take a hard
hit during Sunday's Sprint Cup Series
race but here's a few more hard hits
that took place at the Kansas Speedway
the first lap of practice yesterday
morning although he was no that's not it
for Kansas guess what brought out this
caution it wasn't anything on the track
but outside of the track it was a small
fire the cloud of smoke ended up
blinding a few of the drivers and that's
why and asked her threw out the caution
but the craziness doesn't end there we
go for the Martinsville Speedway yeah
that short little track we're in a
late-model race in the first heat race
the black number 7 car ends up going
airborne yeah you heard that right
a car goes airborne at Martinsville
after this here's a video to go along
with these photos of the crash
still not convinced that it was a
bizarre Wheaton let's go over to the
IZOD IndyCar race number two at Houston
for the shell and Pennzoil GP of Houston
the other car is of Takuma Sato of AJ
for tracing he too got himself out of
the car and walked away and this is what
is on the outside of the circuit from
where Dario Franchitti climbed up over
to Coombe asados car and into the catch
fencing
all right guys for this next clip people
actually do die so I'm gonna stop it
right before the incident but then the
driver of the monster truck apparently
hits his head on top of the roof after
the jump knocking off his helmet going
unconscious leaving his foot on the gas
pedal and killing at least eight people
and injuring another 75 in Mexico
you